Add 4.1.0 scenario test documentation (#5603)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/tutorials/scenarios/scenario2-access-control.md

    ![Set scope]({{base_path}}/assets/img/tutorials/scenarios/set-scope.png)

> 3. Define a business plan for the API. For that, go to **Develop → Portal Configurations → Subscriptions** and select a business plan. (ex: Unlimited).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Define a business plan for the API. For that, go to **Develop → Portal Configurations → Subscriptions** and select a business plan. (e.g., Unlimited).
```
